# Pitch Deck Descriptions

In this repository, you'll find a compilation of the pitch decks I worked on at the Ryerson Investment Group.

## John Wiley and Sons (NYSE: JW.A)
I began my first semester in RIG as an analyst in the Media and Telcommunications sector, working in a group of 5. A screen for the industry was distrubuted and by looking through the available opportunities, I identified John Wiley and Sons (NYSE: JW.A). John Wiley was undergoing a fundamental business transformation, shifting its distribution of revenues from the print business to digital courseware, which offered higher margins and more throughput (students could not resell their textbooks and had to buy their own versions of the licenses). Moreover, it was going through an Enterprise Resource Planning software change and could not collect its seasonal cash flows (schools pay in the summer).

From there, I became interested in the metals and mining sector. I noticed the trillions of dollars being printed into the economy and became fascinated by the implications on inflation, interest rates, and government credit profiles. 

## Cameco Corporation (TSX: CCO)
Cameco was a completely different direction from most metals and mining companies. It had been long forgotten after the previous bull cycle. Cameco is a uranium producer. The uranium markets are opaque with little information available. For example, the spot market is not a standard exchange like the LME or CME copper and gold exchanges; it is a compilation of individual private transactions. As such, it was not very understood. It was important to understand the market dynamics. Utilities contracted out 7-10 years, and as such, inventory management is procyclical. According to Dr. Grant Isaac, whom I had the change to interview after the pitch, when uranium prices are low, there is a sense that it is also abundant. When uranium prices are high, there is a sense that uranium is scarce. Because there is no substitute for uranium in nuclear plants, and uranium is a low percentage of costs within a nuclear plant, the price of uranium is very inelastic. This explains the highly cyclical nature of the commodity, characterized by large run ups in the price and large corresponding drawdowns. 

## Lundin Mining (TSX:LUN)
The case for base metals in electrification and de-carbonization is real and here to stay. With a lack of investment in copper projects and the lagging effect of taking new operations online, the risk of a supply deficit is growing. Battery EVs require 4x more copper than internal combustion engines; copper is also a key element in the makeup of renewables. This trend is only getting started and is bound to drive base metals prices for years to come. Lundin ticks the boxes for what you might look for in a miner: Stable jurisdictions, competitive cost positioning, flexible balance sheet. With the Lundin family name comes strong integration in host countries. An added bonus is the gold exposure (12% revenue), which is not only in a good spot at ~$1,730 but also acts as a hedge against their base metals. Their flagship assets (Candelaria and Chapada) will operate until 2040 & 2050 respectively, providing ample time for exploration activity. The company has a record of acquiring assets and re-paying debt pre-maturely. This provides flexibility to grow down the road. The stock trades ~1.4x P/NAV, slightly higher than its peer group at 1.34x. I believe this to be due to the stability of the company's operations, jurisdictions, and general enthusiasm in the base metals markets.

## Equinox Gold (TSX:EQX)
Equinox Gold is an intermediate gold producer. It has an extensive pipeline of production and reserve expansion and is well-positioned for an environment with higher gold prices. Overall production is set to double to 1 Moz within the next two years and reserves will expand from 16.4 Moz to 25 Moz with a competitive cost profile. As their 3 expansion projects and 2 development projects advance, we believe Equinox Gold will re-rate significantly in the next couple of years. Equinox is well-diversified, with revenues split across 7 production assets and 4 quality jurisdictions (Brazil, Mexico, Canada, and the US). Ross Beaty also owns 7.7% of the company, valued at $187M. The stock trades at ~0.6x P/NAV, lower than its peer group at ~0.9x - 1x P/NAV. I believe this is due to uncertainty surrounding their reserve and production growth and should trade inline with its peers once Greenstone and the Castle Mountain projects come online. I believe inflation increases will outpace treasury yields in the next few years, driving real rates - the driver of gold - increasingly negative. Reckless government debt, deficits, and the largest increase in money supply in the last 100 years will result in record CPI prints. Equinox is also a potential candidate for M&A as mining companies consolidate in the coming bull cycle.
